Update release notes 14.1 (#15552)
opf/openproject: docs/release-notes/14-1-0/README.md

Please note that we plan to further improve the PDF export of Gantt view in future releases.

![Export your Gantt view as PDF](openproject-14-1-gantt-pdf-export-figma.png)

### Favorite projects

This feature was requested by many in the Community and will be a great benefit, especially for organizations with many projects: OpenProject 14.1 allows you to add projects to favorites so that they can be found more quickly. We [recently gave an overview in our blog](https://www.openproject.org/blog/favorite-projects/) of how exactly you can add projects to favorites or remove them from favorites – and where you can display them.

![OpenProject dropdown menu showing favorite projects, displayed with yellow stars](openproject-14-1-favorite-projects-overview.shadow.png)

See our documentation to learn more about [how to mark a project as favorite](https://www.openproject.org/docs/user-guide/project-overview/#mark-a-project-as-favorite).

### Advanced features for the Meetings module

> The Meetings module is currently being continuously improved. With OpenProject 14.1...

Reviewer: Did you want to mention previous changes to the Meetings Module here?

Author: Not in detail, I just wanted to show that it is a focus topic for us right now

Apart from these features that apply the Meetings module directly, the following changes concerning OpenProject meetings have been made:

> - On work packages, the project name is now shown in the Meetings tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In work packages, the project name is now shown in the Meetings tab.
```

- Calendar widgets on the My Page and project overview pages can now show meetings.

![A calendar widget on a project overview page, now showing upcoming meetings](openproject-14-1-meetings-widget-project-overview.png)

**Please note**: On the project overview page, the "+" button on the top right has been removed. You can now only add widgets by hovering at the border of an existing widget and click on the "+" there. 

### Possibility to hide attachments in the Files tab

> Admins now are able to hide the attachment section in the Files tab. This setting can be made at project level and is particularly useful for projects where users should only upload files via external storage, e.g. Nextcloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admins now are able to hide the attachment section in the Files tab. This setting can be changed at a project level and is particularly useful for projects where users should only upload files via external storage, e.g. Nextcloud.
```
